# project-mern-schedule-03

_This project implements the server part of the GooseTrack application. It is built on Node.js,
using the Express.js framework to implement the API and Mongoose to interact with the MongoDB
database._

Introducing [**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/), Your
Ultimate Task Manager and Calendar Companion!</br></br>
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/) offers a
comprehensive overview of your schedule, presenting all your tasks, events, and meetings in a
visually appealing and intuitive format. Say goodbye to scattered to-do lists and hello to
streamlined productivity with
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/)!</br></br>ðŸ“… **Stay
Organized:** [**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/) is your
all-in-one solution for staying on top of tasks, events, and deadlines. Seamlessly create, manage,
and prioritize tasks with a user-friendly interface that ensures nothing falls through the
cracks.</br></br>ðŸŽ¯ **Effortless Management:** With
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/), managing your
account settings, calendar preferences, and filters is a breeze. The 'My Account' section empowers
you to control your profile information and settings, while the calendar provides a swift and
convenient way to visualize upcoming events and tasks.</br></br>ðŸš€ **Boost Productivity:** Wave
goodbye to the chaos of disjointed task lists.
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/) empowers you to
optimize your productivity effortlessly. Seamlessly integrate your daily tasks, events, and
commitments into a cohesive schedule for increased efficiency.

---

## **Key Features:**

**Seamless Registration:** Get started quickly and experience the power of GooseTrack within
moments.</br></br>**Intuitive Interface:** GooseTrack's user-friendly design ensures a smooth and
enjoyable experience from day one.</br></br>**Personalized Settings:** Tailor your profile
information, preferences, and calendar filters to match your unique needs.</br></br>**Efficient Task
Management:** Easily add, update, and delete tasks to keep your schedule up to
date.</br></br>**Streamlined Planning:** Visualize your upcoming events and tasks effortlessly,
ensuring you're always in control of your commitments.</br></br>**Universal Productivity:**
GooseTrack adapts to your workflow, enhancing your ability to manage tasks, events, and deadlines
with ease.</br></br></br> With
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/), you can effortlessly
_`create`_, _`update`_, and _`delete`_ tasks, as well as _`retrieve tasks for a specific month`_.
Additionally, you can personalize your profile by _`updating`_ your information and _`uploading`_ an
avatar.</br></br>An exceptional feature offered by
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/) is the capacity for
users to share their feedback regarding the application. Sharing their thoughts, suggesting
improvements, or conveying their appreciation - users hold the ability to offer invaluable insights
through their feedback, thus contributing to shaping the future evolution of the app.</br></br>Don't
let chaos and missed tasks rule your life. Embrace the effectiveness and clarity that
[**GooseTrack's**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/) innovative task
management and calendar integration bring. Witness the transformation in your productivity and start
maximizing your days!</br></br>

---

## **Technology Stack Used in the Project:**

**Node.js** - JavaScript runtime environment on the server </br></br> **Express.js**- framework for
developing web applications on Node.js </br></br> **MongoDB** - NoSQL database </br></br>
**Mongoose** - library for working with MongoDB in Node.js </br></br>Ready to begin? Sign up swiftly
and uncover the magic of
[**GooseTrack**](https://werewolfdevlearn.github.io/project-mern-schedule-01/)!

---

## Commands:

- `npm start` &mdash; start the server in production mode
- `yarn start` &mdash; start the server in production mode

- `npm run dev` &mdash; start the server in development mode
- `yarn dev` &mdash; start the server in development mode

- `npm run lint` &mdash; run code checking with eslint, needs to be executed before every PR and fix
  all linter errors
- `yarn lint` &mdash; run code checking with eslint, needs to be executed before every PR and fix
  all linter errors

---

**_`*`Notes_**:</br>_Base url
[`https://project-mern-schedule-03.onrender.com/api-docs/`](https://project-mern-schedule-03.onrender.com/api-docs/)_
